From Declaration of IndependenceWe hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.Burke, from Reflections on the Revolution in FranceSociety is indeed a contract. ... It is a partnership in all science; a partnership in all art; a partnership in every virtue, and in all perfection. As the ends of such a partnership cannot be obtained in many generations, it becomes a partnership not only between those who are living, but between those who are living, those who are dead, and those who are to be born. Each contract of each particular state is but a clause in the great primæval contract of eternal society, linking the lower with the higher natures, connecting the visible and invisible world, according to a fixed compact sanctioned by the inviolable oath which holds all physical and all moral natures, each in their appointed place.Diderot, from the Promenade Vernet--You can say Venet, Vernet all you want, but I won’t abandon nature to run after an image of it; however sublime a man might be, he’s not God. –All right, but if you’d spent more time with the artist, perhaps he’d have taught you to see in nature what you don’t see now. How many things you’d find there that needed altering! How many of them his art would omit as they spoiled the overall effect and muddled the impression, and how many he’d draw together to double our enchantment! –What, you believe in all seriousness that Vernet would have better things to do than rigorously transcribe this scene? –I believe so. – Then tell me how he’d embellish it. ---I don’t know, and if I did I’d be a greater poet and a greater painter than he; but if Vernet had taught you to see nature better, nature, for her part, would have taught you to see Vernet better.KantRousseauAlexander PopeBarbauldAt this still hour the self-collected soulTurns inward, and beholds a stranger thereOf high descent, and more than mortal rank ;An embryo GOD ; a spark of fire divine,Which must burn on for ages, when the sun,(Fair transitory creature of a day!)Has clos'd his golden eye, and wrapt in shadesForgets his wonted journey thro' the east.WollstonecraftSmith – Invisible Hand? TMS?Gibbon, Decline and FallTranscription of the Manon letter in Dena Goodman’s essay:I want to nourish my heart in cultivating my mind. ... In truth, I am really bored with being a woman: I need another soul, or another sex, or another century. I should have been born a Spartan or Roman woman, or at least a French man. As such, I would choose as my patrie the republic of letters, or one of those republics where one can be a man and obey only the laws. ... I am like those animals in burning Africa who, transported to our menageries, are forcibly enclosed in a space that barely contains them, their faculties designed to be deployed in a happy climate, with the vigor of a nature strong and free.Johnson, Boswell, from the LifeFranklin, Speckled AxeThis article, therefore, cost me so much painful attention, and my faults in it vexed me so much, and I made so little progress in amendment, and had such frequent relapses, that I was almost ready to give up the attempt, and content myself with a faulty character in that respect; like the man who in buying an axe of a smith, my neighbor, desired to have the whole of its surface as bright as the edge. The smith consented to grind it bright for him if he would turn the wheel; he turned, while the smith pressed the broad face of the axe hard and heavily on the stone, which made the turning of it very fatiguing. The man came every now and then from the wheel to see how the work went on, and at length would take his axe as it was without farther grinding. “No,” said the smith, “turn on, turn on; we shall have it bright by-and-by; as yet, it is only speckled.” “Yes,” says the man, “but I think I like a speckled axe best.” 